hey everybody welcome back to on the
line please binding eyes again trip plus
it's dailies yesterday we came 46
according to green but I don't know what
percentage that is really mean encoding
overloaded considered turning down
videos it's the it's the binding of
issac you know what they want me to do
is close Skype here um we're gonna go
Skype sign out we've got a really long
message could be as much as like eight
or nine bytes in that message so that
may be overloaded the encoder alright
became 46 yesterday was within the best
one percent on the run is not an Excel
floor so I looked at the scores uh
briefly on greed but today for today's
around it's a Sampson run that goes all
the way the top score was like fifty
seven thousand it's a highly respectable
score not being in the 60s I don't know
how much weight to give that because I
would say on most runs that go all the
way there's one person that busted wide
open but it's rarely me to begin with
there think I have a smaller upper bound
to my runs than the average person you
know that occasionally finds themselves
in the top of the leaderboard so I would
be amazed what I'm amazed I would be
happy to end up anywhere in the 50s on
today's run I would also be happy to be
in the late forties mostly because I
read I don't know I was going to make a
joke about Judd Apatow again but I think
I've gone to pharmacies from the
system's lawyers is coming in any day
now a big fan Judd not really of your
first name I always thought judge was a
little bit more of a last name um you
got Ashley
Wynonna and then the judge and then you
try to take it for a first name I feel
like your name should be Apatow judge
which also I mean if you think about it
it's a great name for like an organic
grocery store mostly because I don't
know what any of the words mean in that
expression all actually all food is
organic because
four so the organic it just has to be
carbon-based on all food okay you get
the idea
but like you need to go and then we will
take this and that is our floor you know
the rules as far as I as it goes and I
mean I would be remiss if I didn't do
the rick astley and so do i do what you
get the a dia early on don't take damage
don't squander your deal with the devil
and keep yourself not super tunnel
visioned unlike maximizing output on
every single floor because we do need to
keep an overall kind of like timer going
internally that reminds us that there is
the possibility that poor time
management leads to us not getting to
boss rush so I don't like when I get
into the little shuffle there but that's
okay big rooms also I do not like and I
was just about to suggest that the flies
are amongst the worst of all of these
rooms we also have no means with which
to get into this item er we have no
means with which to build up bloody lust
right now short of taking damage which
strikes me is not the best idea right
now
but the consumable starts that comes
through in the clutch we could be
completely fine odds are this is going
to be one of the tougher rooms we face
so the fact that we got through it is
good
wouldn't mind you know picking up some
money
an arcade in the future is kind of a
necessary element to make sure that the
Samson run is the best chance possible
to pop off ooh okay disregard we got
Polyphemus so we're killing it already
that is a plus eleven point five damage
upgrade obviously our rate of fire is
now pretty terrible as well but the
Polyphemus shots are well worth it
especially if we can get tiers upgrades
to compensate so and we don't really
want to do that and by that I mean we do
really want to do it but we don't really
want to cost ourselves a deal with the
devil chance just to do it because
something like well something like
basically literally anything would be
awesome right now this Polyphemus
synergizes with a lot of the items in
the game so let's just beat the boss and
then worry about this curse room it's
actually like a really nice boss fight
for Polyphemus I think the best course
of action is to do a little damage to
the bodily segments and then try to hit
him with like a well-timed kill shot in
the face
that destroys multiple segments at the
same time pretty much exactly how that
went down we got two tiers upgrade as
well which we really needed the spirit
heart it doesn't really matter that it's
so good I guess and we are going to go
for both of these and we're going to
lose our oh we're going to get access to
the boss Trevorton we're going to lose
our spirit art and that was kind of
stupid of me to even pick up the spirit
out there was no reason to do that
although with one HP we sort of did need
to pick it up otherwise we couldn't have
lived to go into this room tower card
might actually be useful for potential
secret room access but let's go to our
boss trap room quickly work yeah I mean
is basically the worst possible outcome
right there I'm a little bummed that
that bomb took 25 years to explode but
offensively speaking nothing can stop us
we have 16 damage and our rate of fire
is better than it is on some Eden runs
so I think we're extremely happy about
that to get a spirit heart lemon party
pill I want to get to five cents but we
don't need to do it right now I'm gonna
try to use the tower card anyway usually
on a big room it just drops all the
bombs near the middle so the odds of us
getting a secret room there were very
very low could have used it there
instead we should get out of here but we
have no concerns whatsoever about our
ability to get through this run quickly
all we need to do now is just make sure
that we stay relatively centered you
know play well and I mean I'm not going
to suggest that it's an automatic
victory but I mean if we can get that
guffy dream to come through we will
almost certainly win unless we're on
like two HP when it happens because we
do need to fight hush and that's an
important part of the of the process and
a speed down is pretty bad I would never
dispute that it's probably a secret room
mmm chocolate milk Polyphemus I don't
know how you how you feel about that you
think it's good I think you're right if
I get a bomb I might endeavour to okay
there you go my good luck charm throw
this down here you see Tomo oh there he
goes
goodbye goodbye my companion yeah have
fun love you I can't believe I dodged
that shot
okay I can't believe I didn't dodge that
shot how meny monstro is he gonna make
me fight also how are you gonna make me
wait he's dead 33% deal with the devil
champs
nothing experimental treatment gives us
tears up way now to tears way down
well tears down a little bit
lockup I think you got it you got to try
it our tears sad is not as bad as it
looks it's only it gets manifested
weirdly thanks to thanks to chocolate
milk it's not actually like we shoot
once every 25 minutes and if we do shoot
once every 25 minutes the shot is going
to be well and truly charged little
disappointed with the damage that I've
taken so far and I think that's a very
fair place to be right now where do I
stand relative to the norm here
si si that's a good question because I
think with nine lives I'm probably
stronger than average and I'm not just
saying that nothing I am not afraid to
give away some of these lives why not to
make dreams come true that might not be
that rare I'm just saying I am more than
willing to you know sacrifice seven of
these like eight remaining lives if it
gets us the items that we need to really
succeed here we also have a ton of time
I'll do second syringe this will be huge
it's not huge but that's okay it's
actually a speed downgrade that's pretty
terrible as I'm sure you're aware I did
squander my chance at least right now of
getting to five cents because I bought
the map in hindsight I mean I'll just
level with you that's probably not worth
it a lot of bombs though so secret broom
we've already gotten right we have no
keys so I think we're on zero hearts
right now which means going to the curse
room will kill us but you got a well I
didn't realize we were on half a heart
that's
[Music]
substantially worse obviously and the
tower cardigans got a lemon party well
still have half of a Black Card
remaining now so this might have
actually worked out for the best and
then we found our secret room just one
penny it's not worth it for one penny
was there uh we've got tons of time here
so don't sweat it too much but it was
their greed statues in here they're
worth six cents six cents okay I think
that means we well we could buy a key or
we could go there's no key for sale that
makes it easy
I'm sorry item room I should not have
gone to the shop because we could have
bombed our way into the shop instead of
using a key it's actually like a fairly
subtle but sizable miss play however we
keep our money it allows us to go to an
arcade if there is an arcade on this
floor we don't have a lot of HP to
enable that arcade to work flawlessly
but whatever we have we'll use and
certainly making great time right now
even though we know this is a dead end
you got to remember it's a daily so
we're doing all of our exploration bonus
that's plausible here Wheel of Fortune
is not worth too much to speed downgrade
so we're going to ignore it anyway it
might seem like this runs in a dire
place but it's really quite the opposite
as far as I'm concerned we have seven
and a half red hearts there's right now
we have seven red hearts and a half
black card right now so I am far from
perturbed by the situation I would like
a speed upgrade
although experimental treatment did hook
us up apparently you know what I don't
need a speed upgrade that was that was a
vestige of a previous run or a previous
attribute iteration if you will we
should just use uh I think we should
still use lemon party even though eighty
percent of this dude is flying you saw
it's still tore him up pretty nicely
there well worth the cost of doing
business
addicted I found pills okay
we're really getting a feel for our pill
rotation jesu you know des of right now
hasn't really made me the happiest
camper there's been some ok stuff though
this could also be a secret room this
actually it's not an open-and-shut case
as it often is think maybe we're batting
a little under our weight class here
we've taken some damage
I mean dying on a curse room thanks to
curse of the unknown I'm not going to
say there's nothing I could have done
about that like we could have not taken
that damage against monstro and that
would have kept us alive but I'm not
overly concerned about it I don't think
it's going to have a huge impact on our
run probably could be wrong but I think
we're probably going to be if we end up
ranking really poorly we're going to
blame it on other things is my guess
other things that maybe we haven't even
seen yet so bozo is like not very good
but occasionally it might give you a
rainbow poop that was I can't remember
if it was on a daily I think it was that
was the conclusion I came to is that
bozo is a basically a zero damage
upgrade which makes it basically a zero
everything upgrade such a good shot from
that mushroom dude this room is heinous
but it might occasionally give you
rainbow poops and you can see the value
of rainbow poop says Samson if we were
able to get more red hearts which
obviously we don't have right now but
you know one day in the future we might
get lucky what do you think what do you
think what do you think No many many
secret room locations possible here
that's not a second secret room I'm
actually so tilted two of diamonds of
course is lovely
several hundred point increase but
doesn't really do a whole heck of a lot
for us beyond that if we can't get keys
to go along with it the good news is we
can hold it we got no seams to worry
about speed upgrades still valuable even
though it's not specifically something I
asked for and we definitely do want to
take dark bomb why not is my question
like little delirium might not actually
be very good at all
and it might even hurt us from time to
time but it didn't really cost us
anything to take so I think we just
going to go we're on schedule little
delirium is going to do some stuff apart
from that though keys please I always
forget by the way which one is little
delirium which one's delirious or
whatever it is delirious gives you a
boss as a familiar for one room and this
gives us a random familiar every room it
might be time based though it might not
be room based okay one key actually
reassuring deal with the devil chance we
could or not deal with the devil sorry
item room item room guarantee really I'm
not sure if we want to roll that could
be its to give it a shot I'm not sure if
we want to roll the not going to play
you the mob trap room just because we're
low ish on keys and of course as I said
we're Louis Shan keys we've gotten like
a lot more keys so I'm actually going to
go back and do it especially because we
do probably have the time and red hearts
are useful for us as well I'm just going
to get the ones that don't require the
use of the bombs and if we have enough
keys afterwards we might consider using
bombs and actually it seems like it's
working out really well so far
this could be a big room for us a speed
down of course is amazing I've had three
of them so far sack of sacks is a great
item we've still got two keys left I
don't know we picked up proudly like
flight I mean we picked up three and a
half three spirit hearts on that room
it's a relatively sound choice to go
there honestly I think we're like 500
points below where I normally am on an
Isaac daily though at the same time I am
whatever you say I am if I wasn't then
why would I say I am I forget it you
know it's mmm oh you're an Eminem fan
what's this song then and now that's
Vanilla Ice's Ice Ice Baby um technology
I think this is dope it might have
ruined our run or it might have turned
us into an unstoppable God you know I
mean like I'm of two minds about it
right now if we can get like a homing
tear or something I'm loving life uh
it's a tough call because there's
options is great however I need a bigger
hitbox man there's options is great
however do I really want to use two of
diamonds on 13 cents if we're going to
we should do it before this boss fight
oh that's good stuff we'll hold that I
think technology Polyphemus is actually
pretty bad seem because it only fires at
like a max charge but the shot doesn't
seem to do nearly as much damage as it
used to
I think I'm not going to pop two of
diamonds and there's an opportunity cost
associated with losing there's options
but we'll get to hold on to this and
like the holdout of the two of diamonds
then use it to
maybe get way more items on the blue
womb and if we don't get more items at
least we get more points out of it this
does rely on us not getting a different
card that we'd rather have though this
is a great time I can't believe that
work if we get a guppy item here on our
unlikely deal with the devil we're in a
great spot technology is nice
any piers upgrades I know we're not
going to get one from the boss but any
piers upgrades are also very valuable
technology has actually really slowed
down our progress on this run but we're
almost done we're gonna have to rush a
little bit to get the boss rush know
deal with the devil you got something
for me you do let's go okay we don't
have a particularly quick mom fight
stratus oh sure why not
as much as I hate to say it like I
wanted to do that just okay we didn't
even come to this room you got to be
smarter you got the map let's go we also
have seven bombs that's enough to bomb
our way through some rooms if necessary
again like I'm it's my own fault for not
realizing that these items don't
synergize that well I sort of still do
not understand why they don't synergize
that well but it's strength card
we can't go well we can look in the boss
trap room in fact I might suggest that
we have to look in the boss trap room
because if there's like a Guppies head
changes everything but we're going to
rush from this point I mean it could be
Guppies head but we can't wait for it so
still like a long floor okay this is
actually great that our item room is on
path with us here
I think Samson's chain is actually kind
of terrible especially in the late game
it just causes us to take so much damage
from like blowing up stupid rocks and
stuff like that
hopefully our shop is also on trajectory
here it's not probably I mean at some
point you should still be bobbing your
way through the rooms that take too long
thank you Bob's brain really appreciate
that keeping me honest we should make it
at this point
we've got enough time but it still might
be kind of tight we also gain like one
penny on this floor which is incredible
to me but not quite going as fast as I
would like do appreciate the extra
Incubus follower we're going to make it
we might not want to do a deal with the
devil if it shows up because of the
Krampus thing but I think I'm going to
go for it anyway
we need the Incubus to be honest with
you we also would love contract from
below so I think that's going to be what
makes or breaks us here is if we die on
boss rush obviously we're screwed you
got to go number one if we don't die on
boss rush nobody else are they not
nobody but less people because they're
saying our goal that was done are going
to do what we did there now the thing is
we are safe might not look like it but
we're pretty safe we should bust the
hole in the middle here good good job
and we're safe because we just need dark
bum to get some red hearts
strength card might do it dude look at
that look at that play strength oh my
god we've done it
we're actually gods now so I don't know
to what extent I would say that this is
a contract from below vindicating us
completely but I mean did you see the HP
that we got now that's not going
anywhere dude
okay so we should at this point really
really stop with the damage penalty
because there is no reason whatsoever to
get hit oh my god dude these strength
cards we are a little larger than I'd
like to be but we do have 64 damage
my shots I mean when they hit they
murder the enemy it seems almost
impossible to hit it's like as we get
larger the hitbox for technology gets
smaller or something so obviously our
damage is going to lower once we finish
this room we have like eight strength
cards that are going away
however okay this is getting a little
silly I don't think we want to use the
strength card I think we want to use two
of diamonds for points and for actually
buying some items once we get down to
the the blue room good eye I can't dodge
at this point it's not that the hitbox
is large it's just that I don't know
where it is
keep in mind we do also want / need to
go to the hush fight so we got a lot
more work cut out for us and we're not
going that quickly boss rush is going to
be an aberration here
okay place a bomb like right there I'm
unable to hit these enemies I'm unable
to hit any enemy with these technology
shots since when dude okay that was way
faster than I thought we were going I
don't know maybe you take key beggar you
know what why not good point good point
all right down to the next floor we're
still looking for Guffey I think we okay
I don't think we take that I think we
have the ability to do probably every
room that we come across maybe not now
that I realized like our damage is high
enough that we should be murdering
monster in my opinion it's just hard to
line the enemies up and then the shots
it doesn't do like sustain damage so I'm
really if there's anything in particular
that I'm bummed out on or bummed out
about on today's run it's the the
chocolate milk Polyphemus technology I
guess it's more so it's probably this
way it's more so Polyphemus technical
amil technology right I think we've had
chocolate milk technology before and
been like this is broken
Polyphemus just sort of mind flooded me
into not realizing that's where we were
standing so yeah I mean above all else
this is an apology at the same time we
could rank well in spite of my idiocy
thanks to I mean a really really well
timed Incubus contract from below has
vindicated itself more quickly than like
any item in Isaac history
probably even should have taken damage
there but obviously I'm thrilled we
didn't just wanted to see this was a
curse room certainly we can afford to go
to it this point it's a strange run
it's a strange run but it's a fun run I
say that all the time probably getting
sick of hearing it but this one is like
genuinely very weird a Samson run where
you don't care at all about bloody lust
goose is an aberration in the Samson
wheelhouse I assure you a six room that
rerolls everything see here's the thing
I'm going to do it we got conjoined now
oh no oh no we have holy mantle though
what what is exploding what's why why
are our shots exploding in our face
well I actually so we screwed it but I
did it because I thought I could get us
out of that weird mess that I had
perceived us as being a part of but
little did I know first off thank God
for holy mantle secondly I have rolled
us oh but we got a range upgrade you
think I'll do it
nope oh I've rolled us into oblivion
I should not have done this this is
clear by the way you might be saying at
least why don't you just use blue baby's
only friend to do everything it still
requires us to shoot I'm not even saying
you're wrong but it does still require
us to shoot I actually like 100% have to
take the El on this one we still have
nine lives it is going to make the hush
fight probably impossible we've the
wafers of you oh my lord
shouldn't have done this room I'm really
looking for like I mean it has to be
infinite we already have infinite range
though via tractor beam that's the crazy
part like if I may offer one thing in my
own defense
you never ever could have predicted like
one rate of fire tractor beam but
somehow our range is still so bad the
shots are just falling directly in front
of us so we do I mean having dark bomb
would be awesome here but we don't have
doc bomb what we do wait wait wait what
we do have is the relic which is
actually very good
weirdly I think like our best chance
that's not very oh dude we gotta get
egghead there's a way it'll probably
cost us one spear at heart but it's also
at the same time completely essential so
you leave re-enter the room no no
there's a better way place a bomb
if this negates 25% of the damage we
might be able to come through on this
one we still I mean I didn't realize
like it stopped I do want to go to the
hush fight didn't again that damage and
that's gonna seem like madness but I
have two of diamonds dude dude dude
reroll me again please okay so we got
bookworm that might even be
substantially worse so I don't even know
now it's not about a rank you know
previously we were fighting for a rank
now we're fighting for our lives
wait we have we have the ability to fly
now how long have we had that long
enough to matter maybe what's our range
still actually horrible okay oh but we
we have - touch do we have Midas touch
thank God for the wafer
we do not have Midas touch you know you
got to be thinking at this point
monkey's paw might be the best way to go
see you we still in my opinion have to
fight hush so I'm going to this is going
to be a bad mom's hard fight please turn
me into guppy pyromaniacs somehow dude
pyromaniac
I'm begging restock pyromaniac somehow
okay well I mean I think you just take a
baton because I want as many of those
black cards as possible I would consider
this run a win if we beat the hush fight
here we really really really need
something great to beat this hush fight
I think we didn't make it and it was
close dude okay you take e.coli because
you get the protection out of it nothing
here is that good the full card is not
that good health up is potentially
terrible that was not a good use of that
okay slow your roll fool card does
nothing to of diamonds so we're really
first stop stop so you go rainbow baby
because it's better if we're going to
get a passive versus an active we're
only going to use once or you go crystal
ball for the one-time use card because
rainbow baby isn't that good one-time
use something at least I'm going to go
crystal ball for the one-time use
something and it was an empress card
which I think we're just going to pop to
a diamonds take the Empress card in with
us we want permanent polar
invincibility so I'm gonna leave that
red hard unactive we even have the
Polaroid do we have the negative I can't
see we might have neither okay well
obviously we you know what blue babies
only friends time to shine is is it
going to be the fastest hush fight we've
ever had but you know what it's got to
be done
he gets frozen sometimes thanks to the
eye of the keeper or whatever it's not
even a head of a keeper you know what I
mean so I'm trying to walk into him to
get some dirty touch damage done I'll
use all our bombs I don't care again
this run it stopped being a daily a
little while ago now it's not a daily
it's a this is a streak run where I am
like singularly concerned with survival
I do want to get flies summons
if only there was a way to guarantee
myself like even if we if I just shot in
the wrong direction oh my god okay well
I mean anytime you get invincibility go
back here and use it on a hush but
there's only a way that I could
guarantee myself not getting hurt by my
own shots thank you egghead I think then
I would be happy to just shoot in the
wrong direction and let Rawdon Baby do
all the damage okay
the damage output is actually like
pretty good trying to get the baby's
only friend down here the damage output
is actually pretty good when we when
we're able to shoot sadly that's not
happening all that often right now I
don't blame the game for this one again
I had a I had a good run that I got
greedy with and it wasn't even a
selfless like ml does it for the same
sort of thing it was it was actually all
we picked up a red heart somehow it was
actually genuinely I was salty that I
had compromised my run by by taking
chocolate milk technology so I was like
how do we get ourselves out of this
let's give it a try and it made it even
worse so that's I mean like a million
percent on me
we're gonna survive we might have a zero
chance dude it's so frustrating when you
lose blue baby's only friend that you
got to go back where's blue baby's only
friend what are you supposed to do I can
take two more hits he's dead he's dead
okay um thank you thank you for that
again I can't stress enough ranks not
going to be very good today
but let this be a cautionary tale to you
the people Don and I only seen the go
and you don't know what you got till
it's gone they pay Polyphemus and put up
a fire mine run and man and man put away
the six of these I don't care about
chocolate milk just give me technology
please I don't know the longer this goes
on the more I'm like we actually have a
chance at winning so what our big
weakness is rooms that take a long time
I walked into a bomb there the wafer is
making this plausible let's be honest
but rooms that are short are actually no
problem or less of a problem because I
have a holy mantle
there's no way like we fire so quickly
that if we fire we're going to hurt
ourselves within like no time flat but
if we can at least wound every enemy and
then let a bum or some other attribute
do the job for us here we're relatively
okay but long boss fights are going to
be the big problem like see like now I'm
like I can't even shoot but I'd like to
do the room to get the demon heart so
like we can let Gemini finish the job
blue baby's only friend if we catch him
in like exactly the right moment the
occasional bomb see that should get the
job done it's not an ideal way to handle
this but it's got to be done right I
really wish we had permanent polaroid
invincibility though it means like it's
tough what do you do here just leave
that there I guess
that was bad even repositioning blue
baby's only friend puts us at like
incredible risk that's fine the wafer is
still so huge for us here honestly I
mean you you can probably infer this for
yourself at this point but if this run
that's also fair if this redun ends up
being a win that's so much more
incredible than like if we had ranked
well today this is one of legitimately
the toughest runs I've ever had in my
entire life for us to not royally mess
it up like that just leveling with you
this should be a loss obviously we have
the wafer thank God for egghead as well
obviously we have the wafer obviously we
have the relic obviously we have Satanic
Bible we have egghead as well it should
still be a lot it's so bad it's so
unbelievably bad but we're working our
way out of it here please I'm just
begging for but something is not that
would be a start so the game plan is mad
simple against easier enemies we have to
build spirit and/or demon hearts
that's not very good when you fire your
first shot and you get hit that kills me
inside so you know what I'm going to go
all out for a bit here because maybe a
half spirit heart is where it's ad get
that permanent polaroid invincibility
this room obviously we have to like win
now we're out of bombs so we basically
have no choice
dude the spirit hearts aah
why did I do lose to my surrey role was
in that it is I mean I'm just being
honest
it was a greedy reroll I was I was going
to win I was probably going to rank okay
but I thought you know what reinforce my
own identity slash image here and have
some fun in the process and it has been
fun also horrible lusty blood is
actually potentially game saving
the damage gained from it we don't want
that half part yet the damage gained
from it is whatever but the potential
demon hearts are outrageously good we
don't need it to pay out that often
believe it or not
wait lusty blood is not serpents kiss
that's my I got a little greedy there
Luffy blood is not serpent kids give me
soup the wolf should be once every two
rooms we never have to shoot that's a
huge game didn't get you booth also did
not get guppy disregard but still I mean
lusty blood for the damage is good but
we weren't really having problems
killing enemies we were having problems
stopping enemies from killing us all
that was actually a terrible pickup
there is no cautious play anymore
there's just no way I'm not going to
spend the whole run and I apologize if
you prefer to watch this but you're out
of your mind I'm not going to use Gemini
to kill every enemy I've been in this
business too long to go down to that
level you know I can't go back there I'd
rather just retire lemon party lemon
party is actually very very good for our
final boss fight or maybe a room
preceding it but I'm going to save it
for now for the final boss fight really
like all about getting as many shots in
the air as we can
that's that bomb oh well we're
invincible yeah we'll take I think
that's fair please
okay no we made it we made it don't need
that we got two spirit arts two demon
hearts I'll do double cage is going to
be held we don't need to be at a half
heart interval now that I think about it
we have the wafer we should pick up all
red hearts unless we have a ton of demon
heart so we can insulate ourselves that
time we do want it I think we're going
to win okay so we deserve every bit of
the damage penalty we're going to get
here and we also simultaneously deserve
the W I know it's hard to it's hard to
reconcile those two opposing forces
together but there you go wow that run
sucks but was also hilarious we're going
to be 657 and I'm grateful for the
opportunity for now thanks for watching
hope you enjoyed if you did click the
like button also the radial course
schedule so you want the future but for
now thanks for watching and I will see
you next time